





# Step 1: Provide Entropy for Private Keys

To ensure that your private keys are truly random
grab a handful of pennies after shaking them in a box
and place them on the table one at a time.

For each "heads" type a 1 and for each "tails" type a 0.
Each private key is 256 bits so you will need to do this 256 times.

Creating random numbers is an ongoing difficulty in cryptography. 
While this procedure is time consuming
it will provide confidence as you learn more
about past attacks that caused bitcoin losses. 



###### Next Button



# Step 3: Write Down Your Private Keys

These private keys were generated by combining a private key
pulled from bitcoin core with the entropy
you provided by flipping coins.

They are displayed using the NATO phonetic alphabet.

Each word starts with the corresponding letter and 
numbers are written out using the English language
word. Lower case words represent lower case letters.

ALFA = A
bravo = b
TWO = 2

Each fifth word is not part of your private key
but provides an checksum to ensure the previous four keys 
were entered correctly.

This makes it far less likely that errors will occur
when entering your private key later.

###### Next Button

# Step 3: Check Private Key 1 of 7

If you lose access to more than 4 of your private keys
your bitcoin will be permanently lost.

Enter your private keys below 
to ensure you wrote them down correctly.



## Private Key One

###### Next Button

## Private Key Two

###### Next Button

## Private Key Three

###### Next Button
